NXDOC-2498: added new documentation missing slots (#2021)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/web-ui/web-ui-tutorials/web-ui-slots.md

title: 'HOWTO: Customize Slots'
description: Learn how to use Nuxeo Slots with Web UI.
review:
  comment: ''
  date: '2017-12-15'
  status: ok
toc: true
details:
  howto:
    excerpt: Learn how to use Nuxeo Slots with Web UI.
    level: Advanced
    tool: code
    topics: UIElements
labels:
  - lts2016-ok
  - nuxeo-web-ui
  - gbarata
  - extension
  - nuxeo-slot
  - nuxeo-slot-content

>   - lts2017-ok

Reviewer: Please be careful with spacing when updating the frontmatter, this could prevent the build from passing. @manonlumeau could confirm if this looks ok.

{{#> callout type='info' }}
- Note that every slot on Web UI exposes a property named `user` by default, which contains the current user object.

>   {{/callout}}

Reviewer: Looks like the spaces are not necessary here and only add noise to the commit, could be removed for a cleaner PR

    <td colspan="1">[RESULTS_ACTIONS](#results_actions)</td>
    <td colspan="1">Additional actions/views for results</td>
    <td colspan="1">![]({{file name='RESULTS_ACTIONS.png'}} ?w=100,border=true)</td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td colspan="1">[TRASH_RESULTS_SELECTION_ACTIONS](#trash_result_selection_actions)</td>

>     <td colspan="1">Select/Delete Trash files</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td colspan="1">Additional actions when trashed documents are selected</td>
```

    <td colspan="1">[DOCUMENT_CREATE_ACTIONS](#document_create_actions)</td>
    <td colspan="1">Additional document creation actions</td>
    <td colspan="1">![]({{file name='DOCUMENT_CREATE_ACTIONS.png'}} ?w=100,border=true)</td>
  </tr>
     <tr>
    <td colspan="1">[PUBLISH_PAGES](#publish_pages)</td>

>     <td colspan="1">Publish pages dialog box</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td colspan="1">Dialog opened when using the document publishing action</td>
```

{{#> callout type='note' }}
- Until Web-UI version `0.9`, this slot was called `BROWSE_ACTIONS` and its properties may have changed.

>   {{/callout}}

Reviewer: Looks like the spaces are not necessary here and only add noise to the commit, could be removed for a cleaner PR

{{#> callout type='note' }}
- Until Web-UI version `0.9`, this slot was called `DOCUMENT_LISTING_ACTIONS` and its properties may have changed.

>   {{/callout}}

Reviewer: Looks like the spaces are not necessary here and only add noise to the commit, could be removed for a cleaner PR

Author: Done

| `document`      | The current document.                                                                                                    |
| `user`          | The current user.                                                                                                        |

#### TRASH_RESULTS_SELECTION_ACTIONS {{> anchor 'trash_result_selection_actions'}}

> This slot is displayed when selecting one or more children documents of a folderish current document. It helps to trigger an action to delete permanently and restore trash files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This slot allows to provide additional action buttons when selecting one or more trashed documents.
```

| `userWorkspace`     | The user workspace path.                                 |
| `user`              | The current user.                                        |

### Document Publishing

#### PUBLISH_PAGES{{> anchor 'publish_pages'}}

> This slot displays actions when click on to right menu bar **Publish Document** button to pulish a documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This slot displays actions when using the **Publish Document** action and can be used to override the dialog to publish documents.
```
